
Marisa Coppersmith
415-676-9607
marisa@malonemarketingandevents.com

4D Experiential 
1144 Peralta Road 
Pacifica, CA 94044


Next Steps:
•4D and Sutter to provide answers to the questions below ASAP.
•bSF to edit the line on the hanging banner to a shorter version that can be used as needed.

Breakdown of Immediate Needs:
1.A-Frame sign 
	4D is sourcing this, and confirmed the print size for the frames we will be using is 22x28" (wxh).
	Marc/Marisa - can you confirm that this is the live area in the sign? We just want to make sure that we're accounting for any kind of border when we make our files.
	Also, will the standing sign be these same specs?
	Once full specs are received, bSF will size final files and ship to Sutter.
2.Tablecloth
	Sutter is moving forward on ordering a new, white table cloth with Sutter CPMC logo.
3.Table w/ benches 
	4D will be sourcing at least one, potentially two to try out at the event so we have plenty of space for people who want to participate.
4.Tent top with logo 
	Sutter already has one of these with the logo on the top panel, so are planning to use this for at least the first event.

5.Hanging banner 
	Sutter will handle the actual creating of the hanging banner since it's just a line of copy - bSF will supply a shorter line option for flexibility.
6.Tabletop sign "Step 1" 
	4D to source hardware to hold the table toppers.
	bSF to build final files out at an 8.5"x11" spec.
7.Hand sanitizer stand 
	4D will be sourcing the hand sanitizer station.
	Marc/Marisa - we will need your help in providing specs/dimensions for the flat, front surface of the stands we're sourcing so we can build artwork for the branding sticker.
8.Instagram wall 
	Jim/Eric - Can you supply us with the dimensions/specs (including dpi, etc) for the side and back wall areas?
	Once full specs are received, bSF will size final files and ship to Sutter.
	bSF will plan to build out art files for the creative that we're currently using in the deck.


9.Mailbox 
	bSF has asked that 4D look into sourcing a more standard-size mailbox vs. the current one they're looking at which is more of a mini kid-sized prop.
10.Standing sign "Step 2" 
	See #1 - need confirmation around live area specs. 
11.Craft materials 
	4D sourcing all of the craft materials (markers, construction paper, stickers, etc) for card making.
12.Sutter collateral 
	Jim will be providing this to the 4D team.
13.Staff stickers 
	bSF will handoff packaged art files for the circular sticker creative we have on pg. 11 of the deck.

On Mon, Feb 25, 2019 at 12:55 PM Lyndsey Dorian <lyndsey.dorian@barrettsf.com> wrote:
Hi all -  

Attached, you will find the R3 Sunday Streets deck that we will be taking you through during today's 12pm call. 
Excited to lock down creative and confirm next steps with everyone! 
As a reminder, please use the dial-in below:
Dial-in: 209-862-8471 ?PIN: ?476 486 606#?

Thank you!
-Lyndsey
-- 
Lyndsey Dorian Account Supervisor